


1. What is the aim of NSTP?
 NSTP stands for National Service Training Program. It is embodied in Republic Act 9163 of the Philippines, known as the "National Service Training Program (NSTP) Act of 2001."

The purpose of NSTP is stated in Section 2 of RA 9163. It says that the law was passed to:

    promote civic consciousness among the youth
    develop the youth's physical, moral, spiritual, intellectual and social well-being
    inculcate in the youth patriotism and nationalism
    advance the youth's involvement in public and civic affairs. 

Section 2 of RA 9163 also states that "in pursuit of these goals, the youth, the most valuable resource of the nation, shall be motivated, trained, organized and mobilized in military training, literacy, civic welfare and other similar endeavors in the service of the nation."


2. What are the three (3) program components of NSTP? Differentiate the three.
THE 3 COMPONENTS OF NSTP...

1. ROTC (Reserve Officers Training Corps.)= which designed to provide military training to tertiary level students in order to motivate, train, organize and mobilize.

2. CWTS (Civic Welfare Training Service)= which consist of projects and activities designed to encourage the youth to contribute in the improvement of general welfare and the quality of life of the the local community and its various institutional components. more particularly in terms of health, education, safety, recreation and morale of the citizenry.


3. LTS (Literacy Training Service)= which is designed to teach literacy and numeracy skills to school children, Out-of-School youth and other segments of society need of their services.

3. What program component do you intend to enrol? Why?
I want to enroll in the ROTC because I want to be train and want to be Strong in order not to be wicked and will never encounter some physical problems and to be a healthy. I want to be good in Organizing and to be good in strategies.


4.What is the role of NSTP in nation-building?
is to improve in teamwork and unity, in which we can find a 

way to do something to help everbody not just one person.

5. How will NSTP help you become good Filipino citizen and good Benildean-Lasallian?

By participating in its activities that will build up support and teamwork, we can 

all team up to help other Filipinos and give service to them if needed, not just only Benildean-Lasallians

