
The New Roles,Routines, Relationships And Assumptions


In high school my work is just to passed my grades and study. the important of being college is that you will be independent and will not rely to others in terms of assignments and school activities. In high school cheating is common t student in order to passed the subject and copying one's work. In college I will learn more about the meaning of life and how to stand in my own feet. I was intended to be do more extra efforts and extra time for my studies because my parents is paying my expenses and my high tuitions. that's why college students have a more duties than a high school students.
Being a college freshman entails a lot of adjustments. Fresh from high school, we are now entering the world of challenges deeper goals, thus bigger responsibilities.
As a college, everyone will expect you that we act like matured person and probbably not a teenager. I will do all the things by my own feet because college isn't easy like high school. It's the survival of the feitess and the battle of the brains. It will also determine how my profile looks like. 
they will know what is our weakness and. as a college student, I will do my very best to pass and to be someone in the future. 
I want to graduated as GDD student. To be GDD student isn't tasks it might be hard for me to sleep tired and will woke up early dizzy and not feeling well. I will take it as a challenge to me just to be a good citizen,good person, wont become a lazy man.
I just want to be simple as i am right now. I know we will face the difficulties as the day goes on. We need to strengthen our relationship to overcome this hindrances. We might encounter and also need the guidance of the lord as we go on the path that we made. 
I would like to meet my classmates next terms and I hope Someday we will meet someday out of the country. I expect that we will face more problems and expected to have a hectic schedule that can make us so very stressfull. 
as the year passed the standard of our academic level will upgrade and were force to give more time or extend our time for our studies. which may lead us to our way to success.
